README.md, before:

# grunt-yate

> Yate compiler plugin

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.1`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-yate --save-dev
```

One the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```javascript
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-yate');
```

## The "yate" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `yate` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  yate: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### options.runtime
Type: `Boolean`
Default value: `false`

Prepend destination file with `runtime.js` library from [yate](https://github.com/pasaran/yate).

#### options.autorun
Type: `Boolean|String`
Default value: `false`

Create autorunning templates. Pass `true` to automatically run `main` module. Pass
a module title to autorun specific module.

#### options.externals
Type: `String|Array`

File pattern or array of patterns to load external functions from. Functions should be
defined in `yr.externals` namespace.

#### options.postprocess
Type: `Function`

Define compiled code transformation or extension.

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  yate: {
    options: {
      postprocess: function(code) {
        // Example: augment particular strings at compile time:
        return code.replace('{time}', Date.now());
      }
    }
    // ...
  }
});
```

### Usage Examples

Compile single file:

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  yate: {
    options: {},
    files: {
      'templates/compiled/index.js': [
        'templates/src/index.yate',
        'templates/src/blocks/*.yate'
      ]
    }
  }
});
```

Compile multiple files, using one-to-one mapping:

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  yate: {
    options: {
      runtime: false
    },
    files: [
      {
        dest: 'templates/compiled/',
        src: 'templates/src/*.yate',
        ext: '.js',
        expand: true,
        flatten: true
      }
    ]
  }
});
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
_(Nothing yet)_

Commit message:

Add modular mode, fix list processing

README.md, after:

# grunt-yate

> Yate compiler plugin

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.1`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-yate --save-dev
```

One the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```javascript
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-yate');
```

## The "yate" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `yate` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  yate: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### options.runtime
Type: `Boolean`
Default value: `false`

Prepend destination file with `runtime.js` library from [yate](https://github.com/pasaran/yate).

#### options.autorun
Type: `Boolean|String`
Default value: `false`

Create autorunning templates. Pass `true` to automatically run `main` module. Pass
a module title to autorun specific module.

#### options.modular
Type: `Boolean`
Default value: `false`

`module.exports` main template function so that it can be required as a node module.

#### options.externals
Type: `String|Array`

File pattern or array of patterns to load external functions from. Functions should be
defined in `yr.externals` namespace.

#### options.postprocess
Type: `Function`

Define compiled code transformation or extension.

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  yate: {
    options: {
      postprocess: function(code) {
        // Example: augment particular strings at compile time:
        return code.replace('{time}', Date.now());
      }
    }
    // ...
  }
});
```

### Usage Examples

Compile single file:

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  yate: {
    options: {},
    files: {
      'templates/compiled/index.js': [
        'templates/src/index.yate',
        'templates/src/blocks/*.yate'
      ]
    }
  }
});
```

Compile multiple files, using one-to-one mapping:

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  yate: {
    options: {
      runtime: false
    },
    files: [
      {
        dest: 'templates/compiled/',
        src: 'templates/src/*.yate',
        ext: '.js',
        expand: true,
        flatten: true
      }
    ]
  }
});
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
_(Nothing yet)_
